README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
    SLCam
    <br>
</h1>

<h4 align="center">Camera payload designed and developed by SpaceLab.</h4>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/spacelab-ufsc/spacelab#versioning">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/status-in%20development-red?style=for-the-badge">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/spacelab-ufsc/slcam/releases">
        <img alt="GitHub release (latest by date)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/spacelab-ufsc/slcam?style=for-the-badge">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/spacelab-ufsc/slcam/releases">
        <img alt="GitHub commits since latest release (by date)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/spacelab-ufsc/slcam/latest?style=for-the-badge">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/spacelab-ufsc/slcam/commits/main">
        <img alt="GitHub last commit" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/spacelab-ufsc/slcam?style=for-the-badge">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/spacelab-ufsc/slcam/issues">
        <img alt="GitHub issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/spacelab-ufsc/slcam?style=for-the-badge">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/spacelab-ufsc/slcam/graphs/contributors">
        <img alt="GitHub contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/spacelab-ufsc/slcam?color=yellow&style=for-the-badge">
    </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="#overview">Overview</a> •
    <a href="#repository-organization">Repository Organizarion</a> •
    <a href="#releases">Releases</a> •
    <a href="#notes">Notes</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
    <img width="70%" src="https://github.com/spacelab-ufsc/slcam/blob/dev_mechanical/mechanical/outputs/slcam.png">
</p>

## Overview

TODO

## Repository Organization

* docs: Technical documentation (including firmware, hardware, user guide, and datasheet).
* firmware: Firmware project (sources and configs).
* hardware: Hardware project (sources and outputs).
* mechanical: Mechanical project (sources and outputs).
* software: Software to communicate with the camera (sources).

## Releases

The SLCam software and hardware releases are synchronized in order to garantee compatibility. Then, using diferent versions might lead to unpredictable behavior. Refer to the [documentation](https://github.com/spacelab-ufsc/slcam/tree/main/doc) for compatibility notes.

## Notes

More info about the SpaceLab: [GitHub](https://github.com/spacelab-ufsc/spacelab) and [Website](https://spacelab.ufsc.br/en/home/).

Commit message:

Updating the main README file with an overview text, and the project license notice

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
    SLCam
    <br>
</h1>

<h4 align="center">Camera payload designed and developed by SpaceLab.</h4>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/spacelab-ufsc/spacelab#versioning">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/status-in%20development-red?style=for-the-badge">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/spacelab-ufsc/slcam/releases">
        <img alt="GitHub release (latest by date)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/spacelab-ufsc/slcam?style=for-the-badge">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/spacelab-ufsc/slcam/releases">
        <img alt="GitHub commits since latest release (by date)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/spacelab-ufsc/slcam/latest?style=for-the-badge">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/spacelab-ufsc/slcam/commits/main">
        <img alt="GitHub last commit" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/spacelab-ufsc/slcam?style=for-the-badge">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/spacelab-ufsc/slcam/issues">
        <img alt="GitHub issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/spacelab-ufsc/slcam?style=for-the-badge">
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/spacelab-ufsc/slcam/graphs/contributors">
        <img alt="GitHub contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/spacelab-ufsc/slcam?color=yellow&style=for-the-badge">
    </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="#overview">Overview</a> •
    <a href="#repository-organization">Repository Organizarion</a> •
    <a href="#releases">Releases</a> •
    <a href="#notes">Notes</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
    <img width="70%" src="https://github.com/spacelab-ufsc/slcam/blob/dev_mechanical/mechanical/outputs/slcam.png">
</p>

## Overview

The SLCam ("SpaceLab Camera") is a camera payload designed to be used in nanosatellite missions. The main object is to take pictures of the Earth from space. It's the first project from SpaceLab using cameras in payloads.

## Repository Organization

* docs: Technical documentation (including firmware, hardware, user guide, and datasheet).
* firmware: Firmware project (sources and configs).
* hardware: Hardware project (sources and outputs).
* mechanical: Mechanical project (sources and outputs).
* software: Software to communicate with the camera (sources).

## License

This project is open-source under three different licenses: GNU General Public License v3.0 for firmware sources, CERN Open Hardware License v2.0 for hardware and mechanical files, and CC BY-SA 4.0 for the documentation. Some third-part files and libraries are subjected to their specific terms and licenses.

## Releases

The SLCam software and hardware releases are synchronized in order to garantee compatibility. Then, using diferent versions might lead to unpredictable behavior. Refer to the [documentation](https://github.com/spacelab-ufsc/slcam/tree/main/doc) for compatibility notes.

## Notes

More info about the SpaceLab: [GitHub](https://github.com/spacelab-ufsc/spacelab) and [Website](https://spacelab.ufsc.br/en/home/).
